[US.01.01] The user should be able to start a session. 

[US.01.02] The user should be able to end the current session. This should be recorded with the end date/time set to the current date/time.

[US.01.03] For each session, a session number unique for the user should be assigned by your system, the session start date should be set to the current date and the session end date should be set to null.

[US.01.04] There should be an option to logout, directing them back to the first screen (login screen).

[US.01.05] There should be an option to exit the program directly, which closes any open session.



[US.02.01] Search for songs and playlists. The user should be able to provide one or more unique keywords, and the system should retrieve all songs and playlists that have any of those keywords in title. For each matching song, the id, the title and the duration, and for each matching playlist, the id, the title and the total duration of songs in the playlist should be returned. 

[US.02.02] Each row, the result should indicate if it is a song or a playlist. The result should be ordered based on the number of matching keywords with songs/playlists that match the largest number of keywords listed on top. If there are more than 5 matching songs/playlists, at most 5 matches will be shown at a time, letting the user either select a match or see the rest of the matches in a paginated downward format. 

[US.02.03] If a playlist is selected, the id, the title and the duration of all songs in the playlist should be listed. Any time a list of songs are displayed, the user should be able to select a song and perform a song action as discussed next.



[US.03.01] Search for artists. The user should be able to provide one or more unique keywords, and the system should retrieve all artists that have any of those keywords either in their names or in the title of a song they have performed. For each matching artist, the name, the nationality and the number of songs performed are returned. 

[US.03.02] The result should be ordered based on the number of matching keywords with artists that match the largest number of keywords listed on top. If there are more than 5 matching artists, at most 5 matches will be shown at a time, letting the user either select a match for more information or see the rest of the matches in a paginated downward format. 

[US.03.02] The user should be able to select an artist and see the id, the title and the duration of all their songs. Any time a list of songs are displayed, the user should be able to select a song and perform a song action as discussed next.



[US.05.01] Song actions: When a song is selected, the user can listen to it. When a song is selected for listening, a listening event is recorded within the current session of the user (if a session has already started for the user) or within a new session (if not). When starting a new session, follow the steps given for starting a session. A listening event is recorded by either inserting a row to table listen or increasing the listen count in this table by 1. 

[US.05.02] Song actions: When a song is selected, the user can see more information about it. More information for a song is the names of artists who performed it in addition to id, title and duration of the song as well as the names of playlists the song is in (if any).

[US.05.03] Song actions: When a song is selected, the user can add it to a playlist When adding a song to a playlist, the song can be added to an existing playlist owned by the user (if any) or to a new playlist. When it is added to a new playlist, a new playlist should be created with a unique id (created by your system) and the uid set to the id of the user and a title should be obtained from input. 



[US.06.01] Artists should be able to add a song by providing a title and a duration. The system should check if the artists already has a song with the same title and duration. If not, the song should be added with a unique id (assigned by your system) and any additional artist who may have performed the song with their ids obtained from input.

[US.06.02] Artists should be able to list top 3 users who listen to their songs the longest time and top 3 playlists that include the largest number of their songs. If there are less than 3 such users or playlists, fewer number of users and playlists can be returned. 


